docs: remove ownerEmail mentionned for ps_account (#35)
PrestaShopCorp/docs.cloud.prestashop.com: docs/src/1-how-it-works/README.md

### Relationships

> For every merchant who has linked the shop with ps account, an `ownerUuid` and a `shopUuid` will be accessible. These values can be retrieved from the PrestaShop Account context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For every merchant who has linked their store with PrestaShop Account, an `ownerUuid` and a `shopUuid` will be accessible. These values can be retrieved from the PrestaShop Account context.
```
